docs: Customer analytics docs (#14146)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/customer-analytics/dashboard.mdx

    imageLight="[TODO: Full dashboard screenshot - light mode]"
    imageDark="[TODO: Full dashboard screenshot - dark mode]"
    alt="Customer Analytics dashboard"
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Activity event

What action a user needs to perform in your application to be considered active? The answer is your activity event.

This can be a single event or a set of events, it will depend on the size of your application.

Try to avoid generic, catch-all events here: plain `pageview` are usually not good activity events, as most of the time simply viewing a page doesn't mean much. If this is your case, try at least narrowing down by url or some other property.

At PostHog, for example, we track user activity with an action that encompasses events from each of our products. Some events that are part of this action are `insight created`, `feature flag created`, `survey viewed`, etc.

## Signup pageview event

These are the pageviews of your signup page. Nothing fancy. We use this to calculate your signup rate (rate of users who viewed the signup page and signed up), as well as the average conversion time.

This is usually pageview events of a specific url.

## Signup event

> The signup is the event triggered whenever a new user completes registration and/or creates an account in your application. It is important to differentiate signup from login/sign-in, as these are entirely different events. A user can perform multiple signi-ns, while they can only signup once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signup is the event triggered whenever a new user completes registration and/or creates an account in your application. It is important to differentiate signup from login/sign-in, as these are entirely different events. A user can perform multiple sign-ins, while they can only signup once.
```
